# Automated Instagram Bot

 This Python bot automates Instagram posts 100% (Generates an image [Dall-E3], Analyzes for: Title, Description & Hashtags [GPT-Vision] & Upload [Instagrapi]).

## Files Description

- `bot.py`: This is the main script that orchestrates the usage of other modules. It integrates functionalities from `dall.py`, `downloadImage.py`, `gptVision.py`, and external APIs to perform a series of tasks. It requires environment variables to be set for API keys and other configurations.

- `dall.py`: Utilizes the DALL-E API to generate images based on text descriptions. It encapsulates the functionality to interact with the DALL-E service, requiring API keys set as environment variables.

- `downloadImage.py`: Provides the ability to download images from URLs. It is used to retrieve and save images generated by DALL-E or analyzed by GPT-3 vision models.

- `drawImage.py` : Draws a watermark on the download image for my Instagram page (this can be edited as you wish).

- `gptVision.py`: Contains functions to encode images into a base64 format and to describe images using a vision model. This script interacts with an external API to get image descriptions.

- `insta.py`: A script designed for interacting with Instagram through the `instagrapi` library. It handles authentication and provides functionality to perform actions on Instagram. It's not directly integrated with other scripts but can be used for social media automation.

## Installation

To run these scripts, you will need Python 3.6 or later. Some scripts require external libraries which can be installed via pip:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


You'll also need to set up environment variables for API keys and other configurations as required by each script.

## Usage

Each script can be run separately. For example, to run `python bot.py`:


Make sure to configure the necessary environment variables before running the scripts.

### Environment File

| Variable Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **OpenAI Settings** | --- |
| `MY_OPENAI_API_KEY` | Your **OpenAI** api key (It's mandatory) https://platform.openai.com/api-keys |
| **Dall-E Settings** | -- |
| `DALLE_PROMPT` | Here your **Dall-E 3** prompt, By default it's : __a white siamese cat__ |
| `DALLE_SIZE` | You can adjust the image size between theses sizes : **1024x1024**, **1024x1792** & **1792x1024**|
| `DALLE_QUALITY` |  You can choose the quality of your image, either : **standard** or **hd** |
| `DALLE_MODEL` | By default the bot use : **dall-e-3**, but you can use : **dall-e-2** |
| **Instagram Settings** | -- |
| `INSTA_ACCOUNT_USERNAME` | This is your instagram username : *https://www.instagram.com/yourusername/* |
| `INSTA_ACCOUNT_PASSWORD` | This is your instagram password |
| `INSTA_ACCOUNT_2FA_CODE` | If you using a 2FA application |

## Contributing

Contributions to this repository are welcome. Please feel free to open issues or pull requests to suggest improvements or add new features.
